hi p.m. dinner here I'll be doing the
six-hour workshop in Columbus Ohio at
interact on April 9th the name of the
workshop is called sales in the
marketing alignment as easy as 1 2 3
obviously we all know it's very hard and
challenging to support sales as a
marketer
however as easy as 1-2-3 comes from a
series of worksheets and templates I
will be sharing and also guiding you
through so you can better understand
your sales teams needs and use the
template to drive productive
conversations with them in addition I'll
be giving away 3 books I will even tell
you what chapters you need to read based
on your roles and responsibilities how
easy is that so check out the workshop
in details and interact website register
come to the workshop Columbus Ohio April
9th
interact it is time to take your
collaboration and your leadership to the
next level with your sales team I hope
to see you there thanks a lot bye